feat(docs): Add Docs about skip_security_updates_on_concurrent_limit (#44)
violinist-dev/docs: content/allow_security_updates_on_concurrent_limit.md

---
title: "allow_security_updates_on_concurrent_limit"
date: 2024-06-28T13:10:02+02:00
anchor: "allow-security-updates-on-concurrent-limit"
weight: 
---

## Configuration

__name__: allow_security_updates_on_concurrent_limit
__type__: int
__default__: 0

{{< highlight JSON "hl_lines=5" >}}
{
  "name": "company/project",
  "extra": {
    "violinist": {
      "allow_security_updates_on_concurrent_limit": 0
    }
  }
}
{{< /highlight >}}

> Indicates if you do not want to allow security package updates when the concurrent limit is reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicates if you want to allow security updates when the concurrent limit is reached, in addition to your open merge requests.
```

## Explanation

> This option controls the Violinist's behavior when the concurrent limit is reached. By default, the Violinist does not allow bypassing any security package updates when the concurrent limit is reached. However, when the concurrent limit is reached, you must manually check and perform the security updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option controls the behavior when the concurrent limit is reached. By default, Violinist does not allow any additional merge requests when the concurrent limit is reached, even if the additional updates might be security updates. Changing this option might allow security updates to bypass the limit.
```
